  spy action flick with Antonio Banderas and Lucy Liu never comes together .
   is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .
   that the ` true story ' by which All the Queen 's Men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen .
... Liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .
... Pray does n't have a passion for the material .
... Stylistically , the movie is a disaster .
... The movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .
... Watching it was painful .
... a bland , pretentious mess .
... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .
... a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .
... a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that I ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .
... a fascinating curiosity piece    fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes .
... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .
... a low rate Annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of Jordan , and weirdo actor Crispin Glover screwing things up old school .
... a plotline that 's as lumpy as two day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un bear able '' project !
... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .
... a pretentious mess ...
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... The film 's ending has a `` What was it all for ? ''
... a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .
... about as exciting to watch as two last place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .
... an airless , prepackaged Julia Roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard sell image mongering you 'll wonder if Lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit .
... an hour and a half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .
... an incredibly heavy handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .
... begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .
... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
... bibbidy bobbidi bland .
... comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental .
... contains very few laughs and even less surprises .
... del Toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .
... for all its social and political potential , State Property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
... grows decidedly flimsier with its many out sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .
... has about 3\/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor    but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel for the sake   of a sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
... hokey art house pretension .
... hypnotically dull .
... if it had been only half an hour long or a TV special , the humor would have been fast and furious    at ninety minutes , it drags .
... in the pile of useless actioners from MTV schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .
... instead go rent `` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great Robin Williams performance .
... irritating soul searching garbage .
... its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself .
... less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrugging acceptance to each new horror .
... may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .
... no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .
... one resurrection too many .
... overly melodramatic ...
... pitiful , slapdash disaster .
... post September 11 , `` The Sum Of All Fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
... really horrible drek .
... stale and uninspired .
... stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .
... the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly , Scoob and Shag do n't eat enough during the film . '
... the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
... the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning .
... the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .
... the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .
... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .
... there 's a choppy , surface effect feeling to the whole enterprise .
... this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ...
... too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be .
... too sappy for its own good .
... unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .
... unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim witted .
... what a banal bore the preachy Circuit turns out to be
... while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey does n't really go anywhere .
... while the humor aspects of ` Jason X ' were far more entertaining than I had expected , everything else about the film tanks .
... you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already .
90 punitive minutes of eardrum dicing gunplay , screeching metal smashups , and flaccid odd couple sniping .
A 75 minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .
A 94 minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer director Parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
A DOA dud from frame one .
A Movie to Forget
A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip    it avalanches into forced fuzziness .
A `` Home Alone '' film that is staged like `` Rosemary 's Baby , '' but is not as well conceived as either of those films .
A backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .
A bad movie that happened to good actors .
A baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside Danish cows falls flat , and if you 're going to alter the Bard 's ending , you 'd better have a good alternative .
A banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .
A battle between bug eye theatre and dead eye matinee .
A beyond lame satire , Teddy Bears ' Picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer actor .
A big , loud , bang the drum bore .
A big fat pain .
A bit too eager to please .
A bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder
A bland , obnoxious 88 minute infomercial for Universal Studios and its ancillary products . . .
A bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points .
A boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real life 19th Century crime as a metaphor for    well , I 'm not exactly sure what    and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .
A boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even Kingsley , are made to look bad .
A cartoon ?
A cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial .
A cellophane pop remake of the punk classic Ladies and Gentlemen , The Fabulous Stains ... Crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .
A cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .
A chiller resolutely without chills .
A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` In space , no one can hear you snore . '
A cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .
A clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style free exercise in manipulation and mayhem .
A cockeyed shot all the way .
A crass and insulting homage to great films like Some Like It Hot and the John Wayne classics .
A cross between Blow and Boyz N The Hood , this movie strives to be more , but does n't quite get there .
A culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .
A dark as pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .
A decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .
A depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .
A derivative collection of horror and sci fi cliches .
A determined , ennui hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird .
A devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism .
A disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate IMAX trip .
A disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants .
A distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature length running time of one hour .
A documentary to make the stones weep    as shameful as it is scary .
A domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches .
A dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any Hollywood fluff .
A droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small town pretension in the Lone Star State .
A dull , dumb and derivative horror film .
A dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .
A dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .
A fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature length afterschool special .
A fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .
A feeble Tootsie knockoff .
A feel good movie that does n't give you enough to feel good about .
A few hours after you 've seen it , you forget you 've been to the movies .
A few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and Jordan Brady 's direction is prosaic .
A fifty car pileup of cliches .
A film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun .
A film that loses sight of its own story .
A film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .
A film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters .
A film which presses familiar Herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised .
A film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .
A fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .
A full frontal attack on audience patience .
A generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .
A generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under 10 set .
A good natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground .
A grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather .
A grating , emaciated flick .
A great script brought down by lousy direction .
A gushy episode of `` M \* A \* S \* H '' only this time from an Asian perspective .
A half assed film .
A high minded snoozer .
A hit   and miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as Cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped .
A horrible , 99 minute stink bomb .
A humorless journey into a philosophical void .
A jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post production stages .
A kilted Jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out of kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill conceived action pieces .
A lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her .
A laughable    or rather , unlaughable    excuse for a film .
A less than thrilling thriller .
A lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles French , Japanese and Hollywood cultures .
A limp Eddie Murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .
A listless and desultory affair .
A little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium .
A little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt .
A little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , Monsoon Wedding serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the Bollywood films .
A long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral .
A loquacious and dreary piece of business .
A lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen    loud , violent and mindless .
A loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .
A loud , low budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama . '
A loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .
A low budget affair , Tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction .
A low rent retread of the Alien pictures .
A major waste ... generic .
A markedly inactive film , City is conversational bordering on confessional .
A mawkish self parody that plays like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being .
A mean spirited film made by someone who surely read The Catcher in the Rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
A mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .
A mess .
A minor league soccer remake of The Longest Yard .
A movie like The Guys is why film criticism can be considered work .
A movie more to be prescribed than recommended    as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
A movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls .
A movie that 's held captive by mediocrity .
A movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from Leroy 's delusions to escape their maudlin influence .
A movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between Highlander and Lolita .
A movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .
A movie you observe , rather than one you enter into .
A moving picture that does not move .
A muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations .
A muted freak out
A nearly 21\/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent .
A noble failure .
A non Britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after school special you can imagine .
A non mystery mystery .
A painfully slow cliche ridden film filled with more holes than Clyde Barrow 's car .
A pale Xerox of other , better crime movies .
A particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming of age tale .
A pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort .
A pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between XXX and Vertical Limit .
A peculiar misfire that even Tunney ca n't save .
A period story about a Catholic boy who tries to help a Jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .
A piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable .
A pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole .
A poky and pseudo serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .
A portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers .
A potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted .
A preposterous , prurient whodunit .
A prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell .
A processed comedy chop suey .
A prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .
A puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks .
A puzzle whose pieces do not fit .
A rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel .
A rather tired exercise in nostalgia .
A real snooze .
A really good premise is frittered away in middle of the road blandness .
A rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade .
A relative letdown .
A retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by Martin Scorsese .
A reworking of Die Hard and Cliffhanger but it 's nowhere near as exciting as either .
A rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .
A sad and rote exercise in milking a played out idea    a straight guy has to dress up in drag    that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply .
A selection of scenes in search of a movie .
A semi autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .
A series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .
A series of immaculately composed shots of Patch Adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie .
A seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer director Kurt Wimmer at the screenplay level .
A shame that Stealing Harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .
A shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and Rocawear clothing .
A simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something .
A sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .
A sleep inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away .
A sleep inducingly slow paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy handed phoney feeling sentiment , and an overly familiar set of plot devices .
A slow moving police procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally .
A sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women .
A small independent film suffering from a severe case of Hollywood itis .
A so so , made for TV something posing as a real movie .
A soap opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes ... almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of B movie imagination .
A sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .
A sour attempt at making a Farrelly Brothers style , down and dirty laugher for the female set .
A spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .
A standard police oriented drama that , were it not for De Niro 's participation , would have likely wound up a TNT Original .
A straight ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality .
A stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .
A sub formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer .
A summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : Everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .
A supernatural mystery that does n't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama .
A sustained fest of self congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .
A technical triumph and an extraordinary bore .
A terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .
A thriller without a lot of thrills .
A thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .
A timid , soggy near miss .
A tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already shallow genre .
A tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with .
A very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .
A vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of David Cronenberg 's brilliant ` Videodrome . '
A visionary marvel , but it 's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .
A visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .
A waste of fearless purity in the acting craft .
A waterlogged version of ` Fatal Attraction ' for the teeny bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads .
A well crafted letdown .
A wishy washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily .
A woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite Iwai 's vaunted empathy .
A word of advice to the makers of The Singles Ward : Celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .
A worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after school TV special .
A wretched movie that reduces the Second World War to one man 's quest to find an old flame .
A yawn provoking little farm melodrama .
A zombie movie in every sense of the word    mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious .
Aan opportunity wasted .
Abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .
About half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper thin and decidedly unoriginal .
About one in three gags in White 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen exploitation playbook .
About the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado    to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time .
Abysmally pathetic
Action   mechanical .
Adam Sandler 's 8 Crazy Nights is 75 wasted minutes of Sandler as the voice over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
Adam Sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt
Adrift , Bentley and Hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as Ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie star intensity can overcome bad hair design .
Adroit but finally a trifle flat , Mad Love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say , Jane Campion might have done , but at least it possesses some .
After a while , Hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue    things that seem so real in small doses    become annoying and artificial .
After a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through The Country Bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .
After all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90 minute movie that feels five hours long .
After an hour and a half of wondering    sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently    just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .
After seeing the film , I can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
After several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you 'll be wistful for the testosterone charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions , especially because Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal Mart budget .
After that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
Aggravating and tedious .
Aggressive self glorification and a manipulative whitewash .
Ah nuld 's action hero days might be over .
Alas , getting there is not even half the interest .
All comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad .
All movie long , City by the Sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula    which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast .
All of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director George Hickenlooper 's approach to the material is too upbeat .
All of the filmmakers ' calculations ca n't rescue Brown Sugar from the curse of blandness .
All the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams .
All the more disquieting for its relatively gore free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject .
All the movie 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling .
All the small moments and flashbacks do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .
All three descriptions suit Evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .
All too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` Angels With Dirty Faces ' appeared in 1938 .
Almost as offensive as `` Freddy Got Fingered . ''
Almost peerlessly unsettling .
Aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .
Although ... visually striking and slickly staged , it 's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
Although Disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual .
Although God Is Great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
Although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything .
Although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .
Although it tries to be much more , it 's really just another Major League .
Although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch fests    farts , boobs , unmentionables    without much success .
Although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn out .
Although sensitive to a fault , it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
Amazingly lame .
American and European cinema has amassed a vast Holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than The Grey Zone .
Amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
An absurdist spider web .
An acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8 10 , but it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism .
An achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .
An affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress producer and writer 's previous collaboration , Miss Congeniality .
An allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals African American professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message .
An almost unbearably morbid love story .
An alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom ... you 'd be wise to send your regrets .
An amateurish , quasi improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video .
An ambitious , guilt suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .
An artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike .
An artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .
An authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium .
An awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .
An awful snooze .
An awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work .
An awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating .
An empty , purposeless exercise .
An empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance .
An entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
An erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
An even more predictable , cliche ridden endeavor than its predecessor .
An excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay .
An exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .
An extremely unpleasant film .
An impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo philosophic twaddle .
An imponderably stilted and self consciously arty movie .
An incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been .
An incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
An incredibly narrow in joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .
An inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .
An inexperienced director , Mehta has much to learn .
An infuriating film .
An instantly forgettable snow and stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday season product .
An occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .
An odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy .
An opportunity missed .
An ugly , revolting movie .
An ugly duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .
An unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity .
An undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic .
An uneasy mix of run of the mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection .
An unencouraging threefold expansion on the former MTV series , accompanying the stunt hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. .
An uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .
An unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .
An unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' .
An unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
An unsophisticated sci fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .
An unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas .
And adults will at least have a dream image of the West to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle .
And as with most late night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
And for all the wrong reasons besides .
And in a sense , that 's a liability .
And it 's a lousy one at that .
And it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
And neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are .
And people make fun of me for liking Showgirls .
And second , what 's with all the shooting ?
Anemic , pretentious .
Animated drivel meant to enhance the self image of drooling idiots .
Another boorish movie from the I heard a joke   at a frat party school of screenwriting .
Another week , another gross out college comedy    ugh .
Another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures .
Any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director Jon Purdy 's sledgehammer sap .
Any reasonably creative eighth grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .
Any rock pile will do for a set .
Anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning .
Anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy .
Anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .
Apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present Hollywood program .
Apparently reassembled from the cutting room floor of any given daytime soap .
Appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 never quite ignites .
Ararat feels like a book report
As David Letterman and The Onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but Lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them .
As a director , Eastwood is off his game    there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising .
As a feature length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .
As a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by Billy Ray and Terry George leaves something to be desired .
As aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four .
As an entertainment destination for the general public , Kung Pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .
As exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical Pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .
As for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
As if Drop Dead Gorgeous was n't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small town competition .
As inept as big screen remakes of The Avengers and The Wild Wild West .
As is often the case with ambitious , eager first time filmmakers , Mr. Murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .
As it is , it 's too long and unfocused .
As lively an account as Seinfeld is deadpan .
As original and insightful as last week 's episode of Behind the Music .
As pedestrian as they come .
As predictable as the outcome of a Globetrotters Generals game , Juwanna Mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy in a dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved .
As pure over the top trash , any John Waters movie has it beat by a country mile .
As saccharine as it is disposable .
As steamy as last week 's pork dumplings .
As the Mediterranean sparkles , ` Swept Away ' sinks .
As the movie dragged on , I thought I heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light    the light of the exit sign .
As violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen .
As with so many merchandised to the max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
Aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
Astonishing is n't the word    neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap .
At 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer .
At a time when we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , Collateral Damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .
At best this is a film for the under 7 crowd .
At every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left is a no surprise series of explosions and violence while Banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it
At once overly old fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance .
At the one hour mark , Herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .
At three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
At times , it actually hurts to watch .
Attal 's hang ups surrounding infidelity are so old fashioned and , dare I say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident .
Attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .
Austin Powers in Goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .
Bad Company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them .
Bad and baffling from the get go .
Bad company .
Banal and predictable .
Baran is shockingly devoid of your typical Majid Majidi shoe loving , crippled children .
Barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference .
Barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .
Be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
Bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .
Bears is even worse than I imagined a movie ever could be .
Because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .
Becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't .
Been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around   when it was called The Professional .
Been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .
Been there done that .
Before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end .
Befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
Behan 's memoir is great material for a film    rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense    but Sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance .
Being unique does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke .
Believability was n't one of the film 's virtues .
Belongs in the too hot for TV direct to video\/DVD category , and this is why I have given it a one star rating .
Beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie biz farce ... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
Beware the quirky Brit com .
Big Fat Liar is little more than Home Alone raised to a new , self deprecating level .
Bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .
Billy Crystal and Robert De Niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .
Black and white and unrealistic .
Blood Work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period .
Blue Crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .
Blue Crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self empowering schmaltz and big wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
Blue Crush is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn burningly bad movie it promised it would be .
Boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , Impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .
Boasts eye catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome .
Boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .
Boring and meandering .
Borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion .
Both deserve better .
Both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .
Bottom rung New Jack City wannabe .
Brainless , but enjoyably over the top , the retro gang melodrama , Deuces Wild represents fifties teen gang machismo in a way that borders on rough trade homo eroticism .
Bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a Savage Garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie .
Bread , My Sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
Brisk hack job .
Britney Spears ' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .
Broder 's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs .
Brosnan 's finest non Bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .
Build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own Mystery Science Theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst    and only    killer website movie of this or any other year .
Burns ' fifth beer soaked film feels in almost every possible way    from the writing and direction to the soggy performances    tossed off .
But , like Silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .
But ... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has    ironically   distanced us from the characters .
But I had a lot of problems with this movie .
But even then , I 'd recommend waiting for DVD and just skipping straight to her scenes .
But first , you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
But for the most part , The Weight of Water comes off as a two way time switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
But how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery .
But if the essence of magic is its make believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
But it 's also disappointing to a certain degree .
But it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .
But it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .
But it does n't leave you with much .
But it was n't .
But it would be better to wait for the video .
But its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .
But no. .
But one thing 's for sure : It never comes close to being either funny or scary .
But seriously , folks , it does n't work .
But the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .
But the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .
But the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
But the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
But the problem with Wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources .
But the second half of the movie really goes downhill .
But there 's plenty to offend everyone ...
But they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .
But they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .
But this time , the old MIB label stands for Milder Is n't Better .
But ticket buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as Mr. De Niro .
But unless you 're an absolute raving Star Wars junkie , it is n't much fun .
By no means a slam dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
By that measure , it is a failure .
By the final whistle you 're convinced that this Mean Machine was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic .
By the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest can not be revived .
By the time you reach the finale , you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .
By turns numbingly dull witted and disquietingly creepy .
Cacoyannis ' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .
Cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .
Call me a cold hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but I believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .
Can I admit XXX is as deep as a Petri dish and as well characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ?
Can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality .
Carrying this wafer thin movie on his nimble shoulders , Chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master . '
Cattaneo reworks the formula that made The Full Monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .
Certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , Eight Crazy Nights is a total misfire .
Certainly not a good movie , but it was n't horrible either .
Chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .
Chan 's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action comedy .
Characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .
Cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace .
Check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on .
Chelsea Walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .
Cherish is a dud    a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .
Cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .
Cherry Orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . '
Cinematic poo .
Cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing Avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude .
Claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem .
Clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up .
Clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
Co writer\/director Jonathan Parker 's attempts to fashion a Brazil like , hyper real satire fall dreadfully short .
Coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .
Cold , Sterile And Lacking Any Color Or Warmth .
Cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .
Collapses under its own meager weight .
Collateral Damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't .
Comes across as a fairly weak retooling .
Comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .
Comes off like a bad imitation of the Bard .
Comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire .
Completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that I 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .
Complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off puttingly cold .
Conforms itself with creating a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences .
Confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
Consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director I admire .
Constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .
Contains all the substance of a Twinkie    easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing .
Contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom .
Content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger   all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance .
Contrived , maudlin and cliche ridden ... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
Control Alt Delete Simone as quickly as possible
Costner 's warm milk persona is just as ill fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink Laurence Olivier .
Could n't someone take Rob Schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ?
Could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ?
Coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , Circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera ish story .
Crossroads feels like a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high strung but flaccid drama .
Cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment ... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .
Crummy .
Cuba Gooding Jr. valiantly mugs his way through Snow Dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy .
Curiously , Super Troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103 minute length .
Daughter From Danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds .
Deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone to seed hotel .
Death might be a release .
Death to Smoochy tells a moldy oldie , not nearly   as nasty   as it   thinks it is joke .
Decent but dull .
Deep down , I realized the harsh reality of my situation : I would leave the theater with a lower I.Q. than when I had entered .
Degenerates into hogwash .
Demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his Charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh .
Depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it 's being .
Depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived .
Deserving of its critical backlash and more .
Despite Auteuil 's performance , it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
Despite Juliet Stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to Pamela 's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
Despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from Kathryn Bigelow , The Weight of Water is oppressively heavy .
Despite bearing the Paramount imprint , it 's a bargain basement European pickup .
Despite engaging offbeat touches , Knockaround Guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh faced as its young guns cast .
Despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
Despite its promising cast of characters , Big Trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '
Despite its sincere acting , Signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
Despite slick production values and director Roger Michell 's tick tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
Despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable
Despite some comic sparks , Welcome to Collinwood never catches fire .
Despite suffering a sense of humour failure , The Man Who Wrote Rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
Despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets finds a way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
Despite the fact that this film was n't as bad as I thought it was going to be , it 's still not a good movie
Deuces Wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell to innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
Deuces Wild treads heavily into Romeo and Juliet\/West Side Story territory , where it plainly has no business going .
Devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .
Devotees of Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best Next Generation episodes is lacking .
Diane Lane 's sophisticated performance ca n't rescue Adrian Lyne 's Unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .
Diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
Did we really need a remake of `` Charade ? ''
Dignified CEO 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .
Directed without the expected flair or imagination by Hong Kong master John Woo , Windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two hour and fifteen minute length .
Director Douglas McGrath takes on Nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .
Director Elie Chouraqui , who co wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear jerking demands of soap opera ?
Director George Hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .
Director Jay Russell weighs down his capricious fairy tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .
Director Shekhar Kapur and screenwriters Michael Schiffer and Hossein Amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great .
Director Tom Shadyac and star Kevin Costner glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .
Director Yu seems far more interested in gross out humor than in showing us well thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times .
Disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other John Woo flick for that matter .
Disgusting .
Dismally dull sci fi comedy .
Disney again ransacks its archives for a quick buck sequel .
Disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances .
Distinctly sub par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .
Disturbing .
Do n't even bother to rent this on video .
Do n't say you were n't warned .
Do we really need another film that praises female self sacrifice ?
Do we really need the Tiger Beat version ?
Does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the Sundance Film Festival two years ago .
Does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past Seagal films .
Does n't do more than expand a TV show to movie length .
Does n't really add up to much .
Does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny .
Dogtown is hollow , self indulgent , and   worst of all   boring .
Dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation .
Donovan ... squanders his main asset , Jackie Chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences .
Downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG 13 rating .
Dreary tale of middle class angst
Dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .
Drowning 's too good for this sucker .
Dull , a road trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song .
During The Tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time , there is n't one true ` Chan moment ' .
Each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top .
Each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time .
Ear splitting exercise in formula crash and bash action .
Earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner .
Eerily accurate depiction of depression .
Eight Legged Freaks ?
Eight Legged Freaks falls flat as a spoof .
Eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants .
El Crimen Del Padre Amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti Catholic protestors .
Elegantly crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level .
Ends up offering nothing more than the latest Schwarzenegger or Stallone flick would .
Enigma is well made , but it 's just too dry and too placid .
Enigma lacks it .
Enough said , except : Film overboard !
Entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .
Episode II    Attack of the Clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight .
Equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .
Equlibrium could pass for a thirteen year old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and Farenheit 451 .
Evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention .
Even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of Job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .
Even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .
Even as I valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , I could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...
Even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , Spy Kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12 year old instead of a grown man .
Even by the intentionally low standards of frat boy humor , Sorority Boys is a bowser .
Even fans of Ismail Merchant 's work , I suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .
Even if it made its original release date last fall , it would 've reeked of a been there , done that sameness .
Even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
Even if you 're an Elvis person , you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this DVD .
Even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .
Even kids deserve better .
Even on its own ludicrous terms , The Sum of All Fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the Ryan series .
Even when Crush departs from the 4W formula ... it feels like a glossy rehash .
Even with its $ 50 million US budget , Pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
Eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot .
Every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .
Every joke is repeated at least    annoying , is n't it ?
Every joke is repeated at least four times .
Every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
Every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .
Every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .
Everyone 's to blame here .
Everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and    sadly    dull .
Everything    even life on an aircraft carrier    is sentimentalized .
Everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable .
Everything is off .
Everything that was right about Blade is wrong in its sequel .
Evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes .
Excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic .
Execrable .
Exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable .
Extremely bad .
Fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip off of The Matrix .
Fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur .
Fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers .
Fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor .
Falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice .
Family togetherness takes a back seat to inter family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance .
Fans of Plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers .
Fear Dot Com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .
Features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .
Feeble comedy .
Feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake .
Feels at times like a giant commercial for Universal Studios , where much of the action takes place .
Feels familiar and tired .
Feels like a cold old man going through the motions .
Feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .
Feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired    of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form .
Feels more like a rejected X Files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real life happening .
Feels shrill , simple and soapy .
Feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .
Feral and uncomfortable .
Festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .
Filled with low brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life .
Fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience .
First , for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .
First timer John McKay is never able to pull it back on course .
Flat , misguided comedy .
Fluffy and disposible .
Fluffy neo noir hiding behind cutesy film references .
For a film about action , Ultimate X is the gabbiest giant screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .
For a film about explosions and death and spies , `` Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film .
For a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , Sweet Home Alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
For a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either .
For a story set at sea , Ghost Ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '
For all its brilliant touches , Dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
For all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only Caine making much of an impression .
For all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them .
For casual moviegoers who stumble into Rules expecting a slice of American Pie hijinks starring the kid from Dawson 's Creek , they 'll probably run out screaming .
For every articulate player , such as skateboarder Tony Hawk or BMX rider Mat Hoffman , are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .
For its 100 minutes running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
For most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence .
For the rest of us , sitting through Dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
For this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull Sorvino has no light touch , and Rodan is out of his league .
For those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer generated effects , the new Star Wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .
Forget the Psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo n't seem like such a bore .
Forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?
Forgettable , if good hearted , movie .
Formulaic to the 51st power , more like .
Franco is an excellent choice for the walled off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance SONNY needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
Frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .
Fred Schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .
Frida is n't that much different from many a Hollywood romance .
Friday After Next is a lot more bluster than bite .
From its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , Bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .
From the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line , `` Besotted '' is misbegotten
Full Frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature .
Full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , Time Out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
Full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , Kung Pow !
Full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self aware neurotics engage in .
Gaghan captures the half lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over the top coda especially disappointing .
Gaping plot holes sink this ` sub '   standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .
Generic thriller junk .
Gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop and start pacing .
Girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter Italian comedy .
Give Shapiro , Goldman , and Bolado credit for good intentions , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour .
Given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .
Glazed with a tawdry B movie scum .
Glizty but formulaic and silly ... Cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .
Go back to sleep .
Godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... In Praise of Love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating .
Godard uses his characters    if that 's not too glorified a term    as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .
Goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though Jay Roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .
Good looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like Clueless Does South Fork .
Gooding and Coburn are both Oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs , seems inconceivable .
Gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic .
Grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length
Grant is n't Cary and Bullock is n't Katherine .
Green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that .
Guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it 's not scary in the slightest .
Gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or laugh .
Guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets .
Halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , Blade II mutates into a gross out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
Halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles .
Hard core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the Halloween series has lost its edge .
Hart 's War seems to want to be a character study , but apparently ca n't quite decide which character .
Has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim flam inventiveness .
Has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3 year olds find it diverting .
Has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .
Has all the values of a straight to video movie , but because it has a bigger name cast , it gets a full theatrical release .
Has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ...
Has no reason to exist , other than to employ Hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .
Has none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even `` Indecent Proposal '' , and feels more like Lyne 's stolid remake of `` Lolita '' .
Has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung together TV episodes .
Hate it because it 's lousy .
Hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , does n't tell you anything except that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .
He 's not good with people .
He does n't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash .
He fails .
He thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .
Heavy with flabby rolls of typical Toback machinations .
Helmer Hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome .
Here 's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior .
Here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit Sascha .
Here the love scenes all end in someone screaming .
High Crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \/ Marine\/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old hat province of male intrigue .
High Crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd .
Highly uneven and inconsistent ... Margarita Happy Hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .
Hip hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity .
Hip hop rarely comes alive as its own fire breathing entity in this picture .
Hmmm ... might I suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?
Hollywood Ending is the most disappointing Woody Allen movie ever .
Hollywood Ending just is n't very funny .
Hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight to Shyamalan 's self important summer fluff .
Horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .
Horrible .
How about surprising us by trying something new ?
How do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?
How inept is Serving Sara ?
How many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ?
Howard and his co stars all give committed performances , but they 're often undone by Howard 's self conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject .
However sincere it may be , The Rising Place never quite justifies its own existence .
Human Nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart .
Humorless , self conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .
Hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen year old 's suicidal poetry .
I 'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn this year .
I 'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .
I 'm convinced I could keep a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
I 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .
I 'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .
I 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : This erotic cannibal movie is boring .
I 'm not sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid .
I 'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot control projectile or my own tortured psyche .
I 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal   Arnold is not , nor will he be , back .
I 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point .
I 've had more interesting    and , dare I say , thematically complex    bowel movements than this long on the shelf , point and shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
I 've seen some bad singer turned actors , but Lil Bow Wow takes the cake .
I admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time .
I am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .
I approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .
I ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...
I ca n't remember the last time I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops .
I ca n't say this enough : This movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .
I can analyze this movie in three words : Thumbs Friggin ' Down .
I could have used my two hours better watching Being John Malkovich again .
I could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay .
I could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy .
I did n't find much fascination in the swinging .
I did n't laugh .
I did n't smile .
I do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version .
I do n't think so .
I do n't think this movie loves women at all .
I found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .
I found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as Vincent became more and more abhorrent .
I found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .
I hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of High Art .
I have a confession to make : I did n't particularly like E.T. the first time I saw it as a young boy .
I have n't seen such self amused trash since Freddy Got Fingered .
I have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short .
I have to admit I walked out of Runteldat .
I have to admit that I am baffled by Jason X.
I like my Christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .
I liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere .
I never thought I 'd say this , but I 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies !
I still want my money back .
I suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject .
I suspect that you 'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it .
I think it was Plato who said , ' I think , therefore I know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . '
I walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like .
I wanted more .
I was trying to decide what annoyed me most about God is Great ... I 'm Not , and then I realized that I just did n't care .
I wish it would have just gone more over the top instead of trying to have it both ways .
Ice Cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but Friday After Next spreads them pretty thin .
If Damon and Affleck attempt another Project Greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
If Disney 's Cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then Cinderella II proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes .
If Divine Secrets of the Ya Ya Sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances .
If I could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , I would go back and choose to skip it .
If I want a real movie , I 'll buy the Criterion DVD .
If I want music , I 'll buy the soundtrack .
If The Last Man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
If The Tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit Chan like a $ 99 bargain basement special .
If Welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably would n't be too crazy with his great grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
If ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .
If it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in Dolby Digital stereo .
If nothing else , `` Rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.
If only it had the story to match .
If only it were , well , funnier .
If religious films are n't your bailiwick , stay away .
If swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .
If that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will .
If the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish .
If there 's a heaven for bad movies , Deuces Wild is on its way .
If there was any doubt that Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body , A Rumor of Angels should dispel it .
If there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one .
If this is cinema , I pledge allegiance to Cagney and Lacey .
If we 're to slap protagonist Genevieve LePlouff because she 's French , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ?
If you 're looking for a story , do n't bother .
If you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts .
If you 're not fans of the adventues of Steve and Terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake .
If you 're over 25 , have an IQ over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .
If you 've got a house full of tots    do n't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
If you are willing to do this , then you so crazy !
If you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then Blood Work is for you .
If you go into the theater expecting a scary , action packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign .
If you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you 're far better served by the source material .
If you saw Benigni 's Pinocchio at a public park , you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
If you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .
If you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .
Ignore the reputation , and ignore the film .
Ill considered , unholy hokum .
Illiterate , often inert sci fi action thriller .
Imagine Kevin Smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban Jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor .
Imagine Susan Sontag falling in love with Howard Stern .
Imagine a film that begins as a Seven rip off , only to switch to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .
Imagine the CleanFlicks version of ` Love Story , ' with Ali MacGraw 's profanities replaced by romance novel platitudes .
Impostor ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .
Impostor is a step down for director Gary Fleder .
In The New Guy , even the bull gets recycled .
In addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
In addition to the overcooked , ham fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .
In all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .
In between all the emotional seesawing , it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .
In comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower class London life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .
In fact , it does n't even seem like she tried .
In its chicken heart , Crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .
In my own very humble opinion , In Praise of Love lacks even the most fragmented charms I have found in almost all of his previous works .
In old fashioned screenwriting parlance , Ms. Shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first rate cast .
In other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year .
In other words , it 's badder than bad .
In other words , it 's just another sports drama\/character study .
In terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .
In that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
In the book on tape market , the film of `` The Kid Stays in the Picture '' would be an abridged edition
In the end , Tuck Everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .
In the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose tinted glasses .
In the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about Kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
In the era of The Sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .
In the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , The Emperor 's Club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
In the not too distant future , movies like Ghost Ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds .
In the spirit of the season , I assign one bright shining star to Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio    but I guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .
In the wake of Saving Private Ryan , Black Hawk Down and We Were Soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as Cage 's war weary marine .
In the wrong hands , i.e. Peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable
In this case zero .
Includes too much obvious padding .
Incoherence reigns .
Insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang bang , shoot em up scene at the conclusion .
Instead , it 'll only put you to sleep .
Instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the X Games , we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .
Instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .
Instead of contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved major   character who shall   remain nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?
Instead of letting the laughs come as they may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny    er , comedy    like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .
Instead of panoramic sweep , Kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .
Instead of using George and Lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , Lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tics .
Insufferably naive .
Interview With the Assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its Blair Witch Project real time roots .
Irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .
Is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo mo , double pistoled , ballistic pyrotechnic Hong Kong action aesthetic ?
Is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ?
Is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ?
Is n't as sharp as the original ... Despite some visual virtues , ` Blade II ' just does n't cut it .
Is there a group of more self absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ?
It 's Pauly Shore awful .
It 's Splash without the jokes .
It 's a Frankenstein monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be .
It 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .
It 's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .
It 's a barely tolerable slog over well trod ground .
It 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .
It 's a drag how Nettelbeck sees working women    or at least this working woman    for whom she shows little understanding .
It 's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt .
It 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni .
It 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .
It 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense .
It 's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's .
It 's a mindless action flick with a twist    far better suited to video viewing than the multiplex .
It 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .
It 's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame .
It 's a road trip drama with too many wrong turns .
It 's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
It 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish .
It 's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to .
It 's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .
It 's a visual Rorschach test and I must have failed .
It 's about as convincing as any other Arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .
It 's all surface psychodramatics .
It 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .
It 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
It 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to    or offer any new insight into    its chosen topic .
It 's an 88 minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .
It 's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise .
It 's as if De Palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese .
It 's as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here .
It 's as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet ? ''
It 's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction .
It 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie , but Resident Evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure .
It 's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there 's no arguing the tone of the movie   it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind .
It 's clear why Deuces Wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on MGM 's shelf .
It 's clotted with heavy handed symbolism , dime store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
It 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate .
It 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and I think even fans of Sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting .
It 's depressing to see how far Herzog has fallen .
It 's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny .
It 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
It 's drab .
It 's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast .
It 's exactly the kind of movie Toback 's detractors always accuse him of making .
It 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as The Country Bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at Disneyland .
It 's got the brawn , but not the brains .
It 's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .
It 's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self satisfied 22 year old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self satisfied 18 year old mistress .
It 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .
It 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .
It 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
It 's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip gloss .
It 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
It 's horribly depressing and not very well done .
It 's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .
It 's just a movie that happens to have Jackie Chan in it .
It 's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .
It 's just merely very bad .
It 's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly .
It 's just rather leaden and dull .
It 's just that it 's so not at all good .
It 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where Human Nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating .
It 's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .
It 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking .
It 's like a drive by .
It 's like an all star salute to Disney 's cheesy commercialism .
It 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex girlfriend .
It 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert .
It 's makes a better travelogue than movie .
It 's mildly amusing , but I certainly ca n't recommend it .
It 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .
It 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .
It 's not a great monster movie .
It 's not an easy one to review .
It 's not as awful as some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor .
It 's not helpful to listen to extremist name calling , regardless of whether you think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self promoter .
It 's not original enough .
It 's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster boy Lil ' Bow Wow .
It 's not the least of Afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .
It 's one long bore .
It 's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing   and unprecedented   construction project going on over our heads .
It 's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .
It 's plotless , shapeless    and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless .
It 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling .
It 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .
It 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill considered notion that Hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .
It 's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the Cannes Film Festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .
It 's quite diverting nonsense .
It 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' .
It 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .
It 's so badly made on every level that I 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .
It 's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even Jason X ... look positively Shakesperean by comparison .
It 's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through    despite some first rate performances by its lead .
It 's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in Bridget Jones 's Diary .
It 's super   violent , super serious and super stupid .
It 's supposed to be a romantic comedy   it suffers from too much Norma Rae and not enough Pretty Woman .
It 's supposed to be post feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah .
It 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied .
It 's that painful .
It 's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful .
It 's the kind of under inspired , overblown enterprise that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name .
It 's too interested in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
It 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing .
It 's unfortunate that Wallace , who wrote Gibson 's Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .
It 's uninteresting .
It 's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .
It all comes down to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow .
It all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .
It all seemed wasted like DeNiro 's once promising career and the once grand Long Beach boardwalk .
It all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense .
It almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
It appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .
It collapses when Mr. Taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush .
It concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between Chan and Hewitt .
It could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity    director Clare Peploe 's misunderstanding of Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress .
It desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .
It does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .
It does n't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity .
It does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .
It does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .
It does n't work as either .
It ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .
It feels like very light Errol Morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .
It finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .
It forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .
It gets old quickly .
It gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions .
It goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .
It has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .
It has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .
It has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition .
It has the requisite faux urban vibe and hotter two years ago rap and R&B names and references .
It hates its characters .
It is a popcorn film , not a must own , or even a must see .
It is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment .
It is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .
It is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style .
It is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .
It is most of the things Costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it .
It is n't scary .
It is n't that Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie    if only it were that grand a failure !
It is not the first time that director Sara Sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them .
It is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag .
It is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting    the trifecta of badness .
It is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished .
It just does n't have anything really interesting to say .
It just goes to show , an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .
It labours as storytelling .
It looks good , but it is essentially empty .
It looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such .
It made me feel unclean , and I 'm the guy who liked There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies .
It makes even Elizabeth Hurley seem graceless and ugly .
It makes me feel weird \/ Thinking about all the bad things in the world \/ Like puppies with broken legs \/ And butterflies that die \/ And movies starring pop queens
It makes me say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
It merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .
It might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the Saturday morning cartoons    a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness .
It never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .
It plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting .
It reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy keen and so tub thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it .
It should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .
It should have stayed there .
It shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl on girl action .
It sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out .
It stars schticky Chris Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie .
It sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well worn situations .
It still feels like a prison stretch .
It takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what TUCK EVERLASTING is about .
It wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt .
It would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in Dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction .
It would n't matter so much that this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul mouthed if it was at least funny .
It would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire .
Its and pieces of The Hot Chick are so hilarious , and Schneider 's performance is so fine , it 's a real shame that so much of the movie    again , as in The Animal    is a slapdash mess .
Its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , Steven Soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
Its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy .
Its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche .
Its one sidedness ... flirts with propaganda .
Its plot and animation offer daytime TV serviceability , but little more .
Its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary .
Its screenplay serves as auto critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure .
Its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .
Its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .
Jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .
Jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from Nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive .
Jaglom offers the none too original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .
Journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .
Judd 's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller Smart Women , Foolish Choices for advice .
Julie Davis is the Kathie Lee Gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent .
Just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny .
Just a collection of this and that    whatever fills time    with no unified whole .
Just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite .
Just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting .
Just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .
Just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .
Just as the lousy Tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy Guy Ritchie imitation .
Just because A Walk to Remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls .
Just consider what New Best Friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .
Just is n't as weird as it ought to be .
Just plain bad .
Just send it to Cranky .
Just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .
Just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense .
Kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .
Kaufman 's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .
Kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .
Kids do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people .
Kirshner and Monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out bad act the other .
Kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .
Klein , charming in comedies like American Pie and dead on in Election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed .
Koepp 's screenplay is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .
Kung Pow is Oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .
Kung Pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party .
Lacking substance and soul , Crossroads comes up shorter than Britney 's cutoffs .
Lacks depth .
Lacks dramatic punch and depth .
Lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck .
Lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .
Laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
Lame Sweet Home leaves no Southern stereotype unturned .
Lan Yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece .
Laughably , irredeemably awful .
Lazily directed by Charles Stone III ... from a leaden script by Matthew Cirulnick and novelist Thulani Davis .
Lazy , miserable and smug .
Lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .
Leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of Hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .
Leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .
Less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession .
Less than fresh .
Let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... Ghost Blimp ?
Like Mike is a slight and uninventive movie : Like the exalted Michael Jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal .
Like Schindler 's List , The Grey Zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious    in a grisly sort of way .
Like Showgirls and Glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional .
Like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they 're struggling to create .
Like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , Comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .
Like a fish that 's lived too long , Austin Powers in Goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .
Like a grinning Jack O ' Lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
Like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy .
Like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz .
Like a three ring circus , there are side stories aplenty    none of them memorable .
Like being able to hit on a 15 year old when you 're over 100 .
Like coming into a long running , well written television series where you 've missed the first half dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six .
Like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire Olympic swim team through , the characters in Swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain deadening hangover .
Like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .
Like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery .
Like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .
Like most of Jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand .
Like the Hanks character , he 's a slow study : The action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .
Like the Tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
Like the world of his film , Hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .
Limps along on a squirm inducing fish out of water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly .
Lisa Rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but Love Liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .
Little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point ... is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .
Little more than a well mounted history lesson .
Long before it 's over , you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
Lookin ' for sin , American style ?
Looks and feels like a low budget hybrid of Scarface or Carlito 's Way .
Looks more like a travel agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent community guiding lights .
Loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .
Lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .
Loud , chaotic and largely unfunny .
Louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected indie film mode , and brother Hoffman 's script stumbles over a late inning twist that just does n't make sense .
Love Liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .
Love may have been in the air onscreen , but I certainly was n't feeling any of it .
Low rent from frame one .
Lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci fi serials of the '30s and '40s .
Lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all .
Lyne 's latest , the erotic thriller Unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .
MIB II is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
Made me unintentionally famous    as the queasy stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .
Madonna has made herself over so often now , there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose .
Maid in Manhattan proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .
Make Chan 's action sequences boring .
Makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .
Makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases .
Makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place .
Many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and I do n't think that A.C. will help this movie one bit .
Master of Disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .
Mattei 's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp    a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self examination .
May cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh so convenient plot twists .
May offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .
May puzzle his most ardent fans .
Maybe there 's a metaphor here , but figuring it out would n't make Trouble Every Day any better .
Maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .
McKay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .
McTiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet    the sober minded original was as graceful as a tap dancing rhino    but it is just as boring and as obvious .
Meandering and confusing .
Medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt .
Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual .
Men in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance    it 's the sci fi comedy spectacle as Whiffle Ball epic .
Mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .
Michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .
Millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .
Mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .
More busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .
More dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat .
More intellectually scary than dramatically involving .
More of the same old garbage Hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .
More successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
More tiring than anything .
Morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed   he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating .
Most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river .
Most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .
Most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .
Most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
Most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots .
Moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .
Movies like High Crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .
Mr. Deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not so funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .
Mr. Soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .
Mr. Wollter and Ms. Seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear .
Ms. Phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either Esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening .
Much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is n't much there here .
Much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .
Muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all time low for Kevin Costner .
Murder by Numbers just does n't add up .
Murphy and Wilson actually make a pretty good team ... but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote .
My advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack .
My own minority report is that it stinks .
My precious new Star Wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...
Naipaul fans may be disappointed .
Narc is all menace and atmosphere .
Narratively , Trouble Every Day is a plodding mess .
Nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .
Needed a little less bling bling and a lot more romance .
Needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point of view shots and fewer slow motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick cut edits that often detract from the athleticism .
Neither as scary funny as Tremors nor demented funny as Starship Troopers , the movie is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price .
Nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself .
Nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .
Never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .
Never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three .
Never does `` Lilo & Stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan . ''
Never having seen the first two films in the series , I ca n't compare Friday After Next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
Nevertheless , it still seems endless .
New ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .
Nicks and Steinberg match their own creations for pure venality    that 's giving it the old college try .
Nights feels more like a quickie TV special than a feature film ... It 's not even a TV special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break .
Nijinsky says , ' I know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .
No , I do n't know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
No , even that 's too committed .
No French people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .
No Such Thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina .
No amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas .
No amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script .
No amount of good acting is enough to save Oleander 's uninspired story .
No amount of nostalgia for Carvey 's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that Carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it .
No better or worse than ` Truth or Consequences , N.M. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic Mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a Western backwater .
No big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .
No cute factor here ... Not that I mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
No film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .
No laughs .
No new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through .
No one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but The Guys still feels counterproductive .
No one involved , save Dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director Abdul Malik Abbott and Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson , seems entirely improvised .
No thanks .
No. .
Nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last minute , haphazard theatrical release .
None of Birthday Girl 's calculated events take us by surprise ...
None of the characters or plot lines are fleshed out enough to build any interest .
None of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .
None of this so called satire has any sting to it , as if Woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him .
None of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of Sorority Boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens .
Normally , Rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .
Not at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were    I doubt it would be all that interesting .
Not completely loveable    but what underdog movie since The Bad News Bears has been ?
Not counting a few gross out comedies I 've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
Not even Solondz 's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
Not even Steven Spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
Not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general .
Not just unlikable .
Not once does it come close to being exciting .
Not once in the rush to save the day did I become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of ` eh . '
Not only does LeBlanc make one spectacularly ugly looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .
Not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle of the road mainstream , it also represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest .
Not only is entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch , it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
Not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at .
Not so much farcical as sour .
Not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired .
Nothing about them is attractive .
Nothing about this movie works .
Nothing but an episode of Smackdown !
Nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters .
Nothing here seems as funny as it did in Analyze This , not even Joe Viterelli as De Niro 's right hand goombah .
Nothing more or less than an outright bodice ripper    it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows .
Nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid Americans will get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accents performing ages old slapstick and unfunny tricks .
Nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely connected string of acting workshop exercises .
Nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly familiar and poorly constructed comedy .
Nothing too deep or substantial .
Nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .
Novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .
Obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .
Obvious .
Occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
Oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between .
Of all the Halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing .
Off the Hook is overlong and not well acted , but credit writer producer director Adam Watstein with finishing it at all .
Offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in .
Offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life .
Officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny .
Often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What Time Is It There ?
Often silly    and gross    but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross out films .
On a cutting room floor somewhere lies ... footage that might have made No Such Thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
On its own , it 's not very interesting .
On the evidence before us , the answer is clear : Not easily and , in the end , not well enough .
Once Ice T sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's BMW and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window .
Once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional .
Once one experiences Mr. Haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .
Once the downward spiral comes to pass , Auto Focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...
One Hour Photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin .
One big blustery movie where nothing really happens .
One ca n't shake the feeling that Crossroads is nothing more than an hour and a half long commercial for Britney 's latest album .
One key problem with these ardently Christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out .
One long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff Yuen has given us before .
One lousy movie .
One of the most depressing movie going experiences I can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so called ` comedy ' and not laugh once .
One of the most highly praised disappointments I 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .
One of the most incoherent features in recent memory .
One of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .
One of the worst films of 2002 .
One of the worst movies of the year .
One of those decades spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .
One of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .
One of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .
One of those so so films that could have been much better .
One of those strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .
One problem with the movie , directed by Joel Schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .
One senses in World Traveler and in his earlier film that Freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact .
One sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
One suspects that Craven endorses They simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .
One well timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing .
One sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation .
Only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of Elizabeth Berkley 's flopping dolphin gasm .
Opera on film is never satisfactory .
Originality is sorely lacking .
Oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material
Otherwise , this could be a passable date film .
Our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all night tequila bender    and I know this because I 've seen ` jackass : the movie . '
Outside of Burger 's desire to make some kind of film , it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken
Overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste .
Overly long and worshipful bio doc .
Oversexed , at times overwrought comedy\/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .
Ozpetek offers an AIDS subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves .
PC stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy tale conclusion .
Painfully padded .
Pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of God in the fifth Trek flick .
Parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .
Parker can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '
Partly a schmaltzy , by the numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success    and entirely soulless .
Parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .
Patchy combination of soap opera , low tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .
Paul Cox needed to show it .
Payami tries to raise some serious issues about Iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast .
Perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .
Perhaps the grossest movie ever made .
Perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` Serving Sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff .
Personally , I 'd rather watch them on the Animal Planet .
Phoned in business as usual .
Piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life at arm 's   length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .
Plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed down version of Love Story .
Plays like a series of vignettes    clips of a film that are still looking for a common through line .
Plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz , rather than a fully developed story .
Plays like one of those conversations that Comic Book Guy on `` The Simpsons '' has .
Pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle .
Please , someone , stop Eric Schaeffer before he makes another film .
Plodding , peevish and gimmicky .
Plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas    all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing The Scorpion King .
Plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year .
Pompous and garbled .
Poor Ben Bratt could n't find stardom if MapQuest emailed him point to point driving directions .
Poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .
Possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .
Predecessors The Mummy and The Mummy Returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to The Scorpion King .
Predictably melodramatic .
Predictably soulless techno tripe .
Press the delete key .
Pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away .
Pretend like your SAT scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .
Priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .
Problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .
Proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness .
Purports to be a Hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging .
Purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .
Puts on airs of a Hal Hartley wannabe film    without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer director himself .
Qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating .
Queen of the Damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of Aaliyah in her one and only starring role    she does little here but point at things that explode into flame .
Queen of the Damned is too long with too little going on .
Quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
Rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .
Rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .
Rashomon for dipsticks tale .
Rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
Real life strongman Ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders .
Reggio and Glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo mo sequences , that Glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang baring lullaby .
Reign of Fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .
Reign of Fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness .
Remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ?
Replacing John Carpenter 's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld Blair Witch video cam footage .
Report card : Does n't live up to the exalted tagline   there 's definite room for improvement .
Resembles a soft porn Brian De Palma pastiche .
Resident Evil is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an MTV , sugar hysteria , and PlayStation cocktail .
Resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch Project .
Reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script
Rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories .
Rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .
Rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue .
Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .
Right now , they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .
Ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than Wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self defeatingly decorous .
Rob Schneider 's infantile cross dressing routines fill The Hot Chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .
Rock 's stand up magic wanes .
Roman Polanski directs The Pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .
Romanek keeps adding flourishes    artsy fantasy sequences    that simply feel wrong .
Romething 's really wrong with this ricture !
Run for your lives !
Russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of Sommers 's title bout features .
Rymer does n't trust laughs    and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
Sad nonsense , this .
Sade achieves the near impossible : It turns the Marquis de Sade into a dullard .
Sadly , Full Frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .
Sadly , as Blood Work proves , that was a long , long time ago .
Sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
Sandra Bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't   she cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
Sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .
Scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company .
Schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch ... drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .
Schneidermeister ... Makin ' a fool of himself ... Losin ' his fan base ...
Schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs ...
Schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self awareness .
Scotland , PA is entirely too straight faced to transcend its clever concept .
Seagal , who looks more like Danny Aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .
Seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory .
See Clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes .
Seemingly a vehicle to showcase the Canadian 's inane ramblings , Stealing Harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore .
Seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look , director Fisher Stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in Waking Life water colors .
Seems like someone going through the motions .
Seems like something American and European gay movies were doing 20 years ago .
Seriously , rent the Disney version .
Serving Sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .
Set in a 1986 Harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in New York .
Sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and Judaism back at least 50 .
Sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower .
Sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler .
Sex is one of those films that aims to confuse .
Shallow , noisy and pretentious .
Shallow .
Shame on writer\/director Vicente Aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull .
Shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was .
Sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life .
Sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .
Shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ...
Should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor .
Should have gone straight to video .
Shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling .
Shows that Jackie Chan is getting older , and that 's something I would rather live in denial about
Showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again .
Shrewd but pointless .
Shunji Iwai 's All About Lily Chou Chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in Japan .
Shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .
Simplistic , silly and tedious .
Simply a re hash of the other seven films .
Simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn .
Sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even Freeman ca n't save it .
Skip the film and buy the Philip Glass soundtrack CD .
Skip this dreck , rent Animal House and go back to the source .
Slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth .
Slap her   she 's not funny !
Slap me , I saw this movie .
Snipes is both a snore and utter tripe .
Snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this .
Snow Dogs finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
So bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy .
So boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .
So devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .
So mind numbingly awful that you hope Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned .
So much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
So muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style .
So we got Ten Little Indians meets Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober , filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat .
Sodden and glum , even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light .
Solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .
Solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me .
Solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
Some Body often looks like an episode of the TV show Blind Date , only less technically proficient and without the pop up comments .
Some Like It Hot on the Hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
Some episodes work , some do n't .
Some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .
Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .
Some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity .
Some writer dude , I think his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that I ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck .
Something must have been lost in the translation .
Sometimes makes less sense than the Bruckheimeresque American action flicks it emulates .
Sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
Sorority Boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto stomps the life out of it .
Sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor Hermocrates and Leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours .
Soulless and    even more damning    virtually joyless , XXX achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .
Spectators will indeed sit open mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .
Spider Man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .
Spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations
Staggeringly dreadful romance .
Staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .
Stale , futile scenario .
Star Trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy .
Start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line .
Starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill .
Starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it    but filmmaker Yvan Attal quickly writes himself into a corner .
Starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .
Starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over blown drama and Bruce Willis with a scar .
Starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .
Statham employs an accent that I think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass American but sometimes just lapses into unhidden British .
Stay away .
Stealing Harvard does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .
Stealing Harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .
Stephen Earnhart 's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition    wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text    when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .
Steven Soderbergh does n't remake Andrei Tarkovsky 's Solaris so much as distill it .
Stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .
Still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
Stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* .
Stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .
Storytelling feels slight .
Strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .
Stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , LaBute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
Strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh so important category , The Four Feathers comes up short .
Stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over the top , and amateurish .
Such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .
Such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution .
Such a wildly uneven hit and miss enterprise , you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day to day basis during production .
Such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
Suffers from a flat script and a low budget .
Suffers from all the excesses of the genre .
Suffers from its timid parsing of the barn side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .
Suffers from over familiarity since hit hungry British filmmakers have strip mined the Monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .
Suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled .
Sunk by way too much indulgence of scene chewing , teeth gnashing actorliness .
Supposedly , Pokemon ca n't be killed , but Pokemon 4Ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over .
Sure , I hated myself in the morning .
Surprisingly , considering that Baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .
Suspend your disbelief here and now , or you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits .
Swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough hewn vanity project for lead actress Andie MacDowell .
Swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .
Swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit .
Take Care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112 minute length .
Take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a Mexican soap opera .
Taken as a whole , The Tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot .
Talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark .
Talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture .
Tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .
Tedious Norwegian offering which somehow snagged an Oscar nomination .
Tends to plod .
Terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing ... The movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .
Terrible .
Thanks largely to Williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes    the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .
That 's because relatively nothing happens .
That 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` Dragonfly . ''
That chirpy songbird Britney Spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .
That neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .
That the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor .
The 50 something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .
The Adventures of Pluto Nash is a whole lot of nada .
The Chateau ... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .
The Chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film .
The Christ allegory does n't work because there is no foundation for it
The French director has turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .
The Good Girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming .
The Hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .
The Irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death defying efforts .
The Master of Disguise falls under the category of ` should have been a sketch on Saturday Night Live . '
The Master of Disguise is awful .
The Master of Disguise represents Adam Sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe .
The Merchant Ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
The Mothman Prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece .
The Piano Teacher is not an easy film .
The Pool drowned me in boredom .
The Quiet American is n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
The Santa Clause 2 's plot may sound like it was co written by Mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .
The Sum of All Fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it 's really nothing more than warmed over Cold War paranoia .
The Sweetest Thing is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
The Sweetest Thing leaves an awful sour taste .
The Transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull .
The Tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
The Ya Ya 's have many secrets and one is   the books are better .
The abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste    the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here .
The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing .
The acting is just fine , but there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff .
The acting is n't much better .
The action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises .
The action scenes have all the suspense of a 20 car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through    if Kaos had n't blown them all up .
The actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .
The actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .
The advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap .
The adventure does n't contain half the excitement of Balto , or quarter the fun of Toy Story 2 .
The animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of Pokemon 4 Ever is any indication .
The attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .
The audacity to view one of Shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion .
The audience when I saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack .
The basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .
The big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .
The big screen Scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well crafted in comparison .
The biggest problem with Satin Rouge is Lilia herself .
The bottom line , at least in my opinion , is Imposter makes a better short story than it does a film .
The catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .
The characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .
The characters ... are paper thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .
The characters are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .
The characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament .
The characters never change .
The characters seem one dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience .
The cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate .
The code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute .
The colorful Masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of Ganesh 's rise up the social ladder .
The comedy is nonexistent .
The connected stories of Breitbart and Hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in Invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice .
The corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .
The crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .
The criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...
The cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing .
The darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil .
The densest distillation of Roberts ' movies ever made .
The dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so .
The directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on Taylor 's doorstep .
The direction , by George Hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard bitten cynicism .
The direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why .
The director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone .
The director mostly plays it straight , turning Leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .
The disjointed mess flows as naturally as Jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .
The drama discloses almost nothing .
The drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .
The dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences    clearly the main event    are surprisingly uninvolving .
The elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .
The emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .
The end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .
The entire movie is in need of a scented bath .
The entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
The entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense .
The events of the film are just so WEIRD that I honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .
The exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess .
The explosion essentially ruined    or , rather , overpowered    the fiction of the movie for me .
The fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60 second homage to one of Demme 's good films does n't bode well for the rest of it .
The feature length stretch ... strains the show 's concept .
The fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier .
The film 's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that Tornatore was right to cut .
The film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .
The film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects    from the TV movie esque , affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes ever filmed .
The film 's most improbable feat ?
The film 's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe eyed Crudup out of pre 9 \/ 11 New York and onto a cross country road trip of the Homeric kind .
The film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ... drag the movie down .
The film , like Jimmy 's routines , could use a few good laughs .
The film can depress you about life itself .
The film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .
The film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .
The film does n't really care about the thousands of Americans who die hideously , it cares about how Ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the CIA .
The film does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non fan to figure out what makes Wilco a big deal .
The film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical Hollywood war movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .
The film has a kind of hard , cold effect .
The film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .
The film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .
The film is all over the place , really .
The film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose .
The film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one .
The film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper thin supporting characters .
The film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .
The film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own .
The film is so packed with subplots involving the various Silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film .
The film is strictly routine .
The film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .
The film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give me an Oscar kind of way .
The film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil .
The film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .
The film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long .
The film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .
The film runs on a little longer than it needs to    Muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters    but it 's smooth and professional .
The film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work .
The film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ...
The filmmakers are playing to the Big Boys in New York and L.A. To that end , they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power lunchers do n't care to understand , either .
The filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .
The filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about .
The first hour is tedious though Ford and Neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie .
The first mistake , I suspect , is casting Shatner as a legendary professor and Kunis as a brilliant college student    where 's Pauly Shore as the rocket scientist ?
The first question to ask about Bad Company is why Anthony Hopkins is in it .
The gifted Crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .
The great pity is that those responsible did n't cut their losses    and ours    and retitle it The Adventures of Direct to Video Nash , and send it to its proper home .
The hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone .
The histrionic muse still eludes Madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch .
The holes in this film remain agape    holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot .
The holiday message of the 37 minute Santa vs. the Snowman leaves a lot to be desired .
The images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .
The inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror\/action hybrid .
The innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .
The jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .
The jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .
The kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books .
The kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .
The latest Adam Sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .
The latest vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of Arthur Schnitzler 's Reigen .
The lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .
The leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material .
The leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting .
The logic of it all will be Greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .
The lousy John Q all but spits out Denzel Washington 's fine performance in the title role .
The lousy lead performances ... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .
The main story ... is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .
The major problem with Windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character .
The makers of Mothman Prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies    a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .
The material and the production itself are little more than routine .
The metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery .
The milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .
The modern day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th century ones .
The modern day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals .
The most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .
The most memorable moment was when Green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because I had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
The most offensive thing about the movie is that Hollywood expects people to pay to see it .
The most opaque , self indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine .
The movie 's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette Juliette Lewis playing a salt of the earth mommy named Minnie and watching Slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
The movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster .
The movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality .
The movie 's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .
The movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '
The movie 's something borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story .
The movie 's vision of a white American zealously spreading a Puritanical brand of Christianity to South Seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .
The movie , like Bartleby , is something of a stiff    an extra dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
The movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre    the gangster\/crime comedy    that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie specific cliches is n't exactly endearing .
The movie does n't generate a lot of energy .
The movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .
The movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .
The movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure .
The movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .
The movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .
The movie is a dud .
The movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable .
The movie is a mess from start to finish .
The movie is about as deep as that sentiment .
The movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .
The movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .
The movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing I can say is that I ca n't remember a single name responsible for it .
The movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you .
The movie is like Scorsese 's Mean Streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot .
The movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all too familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story , Minac drains his movie of all individuality .
The movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten .
The movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it .
The movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .
The movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .
The movie is the equivalent of French hip hop , which also seems to play on a 10 year delay .
The movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value .
The movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie heads .
The movie is virtually without context    journalistic or historical .
The movie is without intent .
The movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart .
The movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny Phonce and his several silly subplots .
The movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .
The movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true .
The movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short .
The movie wavers between Hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .
The movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .
The movie would seem less of a trifle if Ms. Sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .
The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and Esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .
The new film of Anton Chekhov 's The Cherry Orchard puts the ` ick ' in ` classic . '
The nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper thin characterizations and facile situations .
The obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so five minutes ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old Hanna Barbera charm .
The one not so small problem with Expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point .
The only camouflage Carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
The only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game .
The only pain you 'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub .
The only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
The only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .
The only surprise is that heavyweights Joel Silver and Robert Zemeckis agreed to produce this ; I assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear .
The only thing I laughed at were the people who paid to see it .
The only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .
The only thing that distinguishes a Randall Wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film .
The only thing to fear about `` Fear Dot Com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
The only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers .
The only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds .
The original was n't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece !
The overall vibe is druggy and self indulgent , like a spring break orgy for pretentious arts majors .
The pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and Naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .
The pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .
The pairing does sound promising in theory ... but their lack of chemistry makes Eddie Murphy and Robert DeNiro in Showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners .
The performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self parody .
The picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .
The plot 's contrivances are uncomfortably strained .
The plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution .
The plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling .
The plot is plastered with one Hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .
The predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances .
The premise itself is just SOOOOO tired .
The pretensions    and disposable story    sink the movie .
The problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay .
The problem is that Van Wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .
The problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
The problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not .
The problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .
The problem with The Bread , My Sweet is that it 's far too sentimental .
The problem with `` XXX '' is that its own action is n't very effective .
The problem with all of this : It 's not really funny .
The problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II Birkenau .
The problem with the mayhem in Formula 51 is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring .
The problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up Shum 's good intentions .
The punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three to one .
The re   enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well .
The redeeming feature of Chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in The Tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine .
The result , however well intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood .
The result is an ` action film ' mired in stasis .
The result is so tame that even slightly wised up kids would quickly change the channel .
The rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey .
The romance between the leads is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be .
The satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .
The screenplay , co written by director Imogen Kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .
The screenplay by James Eric , James Horton and director Peter O'Fallon ... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .
The screenplay does too much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , Hopkins looks like a drag queen .
The screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue    most of it given to children .
The screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` Dungeons and Dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ...
The script 's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off .
The script ?
The script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .
The script boasts some tart TV insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy .
The script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people .
The script falls back on too many tried and true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .
The script has less spice than a rat burger and The Rock 's fighting skills are more in line with Steven Seagal .
The script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .
The script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .
The script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue .
The scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters .
The secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again .
The self serious Equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows .
The setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions .
The sinister inspiration that fuelled DeVito 's early work is confused in Death to Smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .
The skills of a calculus major at M.I.T. are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long winded heist comedy Who Is Cletis Tout ?
The slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat .
The somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make Green Dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .
The sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture perfect beach during sunset .
The star who helped give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` The Sum of All Fears . ''
The story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . .
The story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .
The story has little wit and no surprises .
The story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back story is a little tired .
The story is    forgive me    a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed .
The story is bogus and its characters tissue thin .
The story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched .
The story is predictable , the jokes are typical Sandler fare , and the romance with Ryder is puzzling .
The story of Trouble Every Day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .
The story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .
The story really has no place to go since Simone is not real    she ca n't provide any conflict .
The story the movie tells is of Brian De Palma 's addiction to the junk calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .
The thing about guys like Evans is this : You 're never quite sure where self promotion ends and the truth begins .
The thing just never gets off the ground .
The three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling .
The title , alone , should scare any sane person away .
The town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial .
The trashy teen sleaze equivalent of Showgirls .
The trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .
The trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness .
The truth about Charlie is that it 's a brazenly misguided project .
The uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them .
The verdict : Two bodies and hardly a laugh between them .
The very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .
The waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub sophomoric sexual banter .
The weird thing about The Santa Clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .
The whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '
The whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .
The whole talking animal thing is grisly .
The whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of Bewitched that takes place during Spring Break .
The whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy    or , worse yet , nonexistent    ideas .
The whole thing plays like a tired Tyco ad .
The young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient .
Their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic    it 's just a weird fizzle .
Their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
Then you get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at Blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees .
Theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
There 's ... an underlying Old World sexism to Monday Morning that undercuts its charm .
There 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .
There 's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film .
There 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do Joan and Philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery .
There 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .
There 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .
There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .
There 's already been too many of these films ...
There 's an admirable rigor to Jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down .
There 's an excellent 90 minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 .
There 's little to recommend Snow Dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .
There 's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie .
There 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .
There 's no excuse for following up a delightful , well crafted family film with a computer generated cold fish .
There 's no good answer to that one .
There 's no palpable chemistry between Lopez and male lead Ralph Fiennes , plus the script by Working Girl scribe Kevin Wade is workmanlike in the extreme .
There 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of Joan 's prefeminist plight , so we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
There 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .
There 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .
There 's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination .
There 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
There 's nothing exactly wrong here , but there 's not nearly enough that 's right .
There 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .
There 's nothing to gain from watching They .
There 's only one way to kill Michael Myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .
There 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where Santa gives gifts to grownups .
There 's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties .
There 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .
There 's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
There are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .
There are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending .
There are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them .
There are now two signs that M. Night Shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : Unbreakable and Signs .
There are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer .
There is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
There is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .
There is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic    just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .
There is nothing funny in this every joke has   been told a   thousand times   before movie .
There is nothing redeeming about this movie .
There is only so much baked cardboard I need to chew .
There is something in Full Frontal , I guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see .
There may have been a good film in `` Trouble Every Day , '' but it is not what is on the screen .
There might be some sort of credible gender provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?
These are textbook lives of quiet desperation .
These characters become wearisome .
These guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers .
They 're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .
They cheapen the overall effect .
They crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness .
They just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .
They kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book .
They ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .
They threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
They were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .
Things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content .
This 100 minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .
This 10th film in the series looks and feels tired .
This 90 minute dud could pass for Mike Tyson 's E !
This New Zealand coming of age movie is n't really about anything .
This Orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh squeezed .
This Sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator    which would have made for better drama .
This action thriller\/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .
This angst ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in Ordinary People .
This cloying , voices from the other side story is hell .
This dreadfully earnest inversion of the Concubine love triangle eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug eyed mugging and gay niche condescension .
This feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head
This film biggest problem ?
This flat run at a hip hop Tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines .
This franchise has not spawned a single good film .
This hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on Hopkins ' inclination to play Hannibal Lecter again , even though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
This insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering .
This is Sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often .
This is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .
This is a film tailor made for those who when they were in high school would choose the Cliff Notes over reading a full length classic .
This is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .
This is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions    a lunar mission with no signs of life .
This is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy .
This is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .
This is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .
This is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still .
This is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like Them !
This is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .
This is a truly , truly bad movie .
This is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .
This is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned .
This is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .
This is an ungainly movie , ill fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .
This is as lax and limp a comedy as I 've seen in a while , a meander through worn out material .
This is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm .
This is just lazy writing .
This is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom .
This is no `` Waterboy ! ''
This is not a Jackie Chan movie .
This is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in jokey one .
This is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .
This is one baaaaaaaaad movie .
This is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .
This is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
This is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul natured Christmas season pics ever delivered by a Hollywood studio .
This is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
This is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in September .
This is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '
This is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .
This is the sort of low grade dreck that usually goes straight to video    with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .
This is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .
This kiddie oriented stinker is so bad that I even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
This little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .
This long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted .
This loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .
This ludicrous film is predictable at every turn .
This may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .
This mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .
This mistaken identity picture is so film culture referential that the final product is a ghost .
This misty eyed Southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear drenched quicksand .
This movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .
This movie feel more like a non stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .
This movie is about the worst thing Chan has done in the United States .
This movie is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad .
This odd , distant Portuguese import more or less borrows from Bad Lieutenant and Les Vampires , and comes up with a kind of art house gay porn film .
This one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .
This overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end , is tepid and tedious .
This painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story .
This pathetic junk is barely an hour long .
This picture is mostly a lump of run of the mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office    or trying to win over a probation officer .
This rather unfocused , all over the map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .
This remake of Lina Wertmuller 's 1975 eroti comedy might just be the biggest husband and wife disaster since John and Bo Derek made the ridiculous Bolero .
This romantic\/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .
This starts off with a 1950 's Doris Day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast .
This story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half hour .
This strenuously unfunny Showtime deserves the hook .
This tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same .
This thing is just garbage .
This thing is virtually unwatchable .
This toothless Dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen .
This u boat does n't have a captain .
This would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes .
This wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful   no doubt , it 's the worst movie I 've seen this summer .
Thoroughly awful .
Thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic .
Those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .
Those seeking a definitive account of Eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere .
Those who are not acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep .
Though Frida is easier to swallow than Julie Taymor 's preposterous Titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .
Though Harris is affecting at times , he can not overcome the sense that Pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
Though Impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb .
Though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way K 19 jettisoned some crucial drama .
Though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the Kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
Though clearly well intentioned , this cross cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .
Though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves .
Though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it 's exploitive without being insightful .
Though there 's a clarity of purpose and even handedness to the film 's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish .
Though there are many tense scenes in Trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful .
Though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before .
Thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad Scouse accents
Throw Smoochy from the train !
Throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , Windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material .
Thumbs down .
Time literally stops on a dime in the tries so hard to be cool `` Clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie going life .
Time of Favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
Time stands still in more ways that one in Clockstoppers , a sci fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .
To Blandly Go Where We Went 8 Movies Ago ...
To be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows    reality shows for God 's sake !
To be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed .
To build a feel good fantasy around a vain dictator madman is off putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .
To call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .
To get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of Dr. Freud .
To me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
To paraphrase a line from another Dickens ' novel , Nicholas Nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
To say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .
To the filmmakers , Ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .
To the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore .
Told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .
Too bad Kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .
Too bad Maggio could n't come up with a better script .
Too bad none of it is funny .
Too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient .
Too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , Vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one of a kind work .
Too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash .
Too intensely focused on the travails of being Hal Hartley to function as pastiche , No Such Thing is Hartley 's least accessible screed yet .
Too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
Too much of Nemesis has a tired , talky feel .
Too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks .
Too much power , not enough puff .
Too often , Son of the Bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''
Too silly to take seriously .
Too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .
Too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .
Too stagey , talky    and long    for its own good .
Totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are The Greatest Musicians of All Time .
Toward the end Sum of All Fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .
Translation : ` We do n't need to try very hard . '
Tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .
Tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of Animal House but instead comes closer to the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel .
Trouble Every Day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead .
True to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ... ` The Country Bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .
True to its title , it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .
Try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes Edward Burns ' Sidewalks of New York look like Oscar Wilde .
Trying to figure out the rules of the Country Bear universe    when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier    would tax Einstein 's brain .
Trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip hop indie Snipes is enough to give you brain strain    and the pay off is negligible .
Two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .
Two big things are missing    anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .
Two hours of junk .
Tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with Kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything Kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art .
Ultimately , Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
Ultimately , in the history of the Academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002 .
Ultimately ... the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .
Ultimately the , yes , snail like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok .
Ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to American art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .
Unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated movie screenwriting textbook .
Uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .
Unfortunately , Carvey 's rubber face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with Harris Goldberg .
Unfortunately , One Hour Photo lives down to its title .
Unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various New York City locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
Unfortunately , it 's also not very good .
Unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
Unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
Unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire .
Unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the Reginald Hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .
Unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .
Unless Bob Crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression .
Unless you 're a fanatic , the best advice is : ` Scooby ' do n't .
Unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .
Unlike Trey Parker , Sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .
Unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .
Until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis    and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
Unwieldy contraption .
Upper West Sidey exercise in narcissism and self congratulation disguised as a tribute .
Utter mush ... conceited pap .
Uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ...
Van Wilder has a built in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest .
Ver Wiel 's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of Critical Jim two dimensional and pointless .
Very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
Video games are more involving than this mess .
Viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for Holm 's performance , the film would be a total washout .
Viewers of Barney 's crushingly self indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .
Violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining .
Vulgar is too optimistic a title .
Wait to see it then .
Was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ?
Watch Barbershop again if you 're in need of a Cube fix    this is n't worth sitting through .
Watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control    that is to say , when Carol Kane appears on the screen .
Watching `` Ending '' is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale .
Watching a Brian DePalma movie is like watching an Alfred Hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .
Watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard .
We 're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
We 've liked Klein 's other work but Rollerball left us cold .
We assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
We can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art .
We do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .
We do n't even like their characters .
We get the comedy we settle for .
We have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .
We just do n't really care too much about this love story .
We never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and Michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .
We started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some Univac like script machine .
Wedding feels a bit anachronistic .
Weird .
Weirdly , Broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
Well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies .
Well made but uninvolving , Bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one    an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
Well meant but unoriginal .
Wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time .
Wes Craven 's presence is felt ; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend . '
Wewannour money back , actually .
What 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up .
What 's missing in Murder by Numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behaviour .
What 's missing is what we call the ` wow ' factor .
What 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but the film 's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism .
What 's worse is that Pelosi knows it .
What Jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
What Madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting    more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once .
What a great shame that such a talented director as Chen Kaige has chosen to make his English language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .
What a pity ... that the material is so second rate .
What a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !
What begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes .
What could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
What ensues are much blood splattering , mass drug induced bowel evacuations , and none too funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits .
What happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?
What little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else .
What makes Esther Kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low key manner that it risks monotony .
What might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .
What more can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ?
What remains is a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible Sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip .
What should have been a painless time killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .
What soured me on The Santa Clause 2 was that Santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it 's icky .
What starts off as a possible Argentine American Beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .
What starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .
What they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge .
What they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .
What we get in FearDotCom is more like something from a bad Clive Barker movie .
What we have here is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let down .
What we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .
What you expect is just what you get ... assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth grade height .
Whatever satire Lucky Break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the `` soon to be forgettable '' section of the quirky rip off prison romp pile .
Whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet T shirt and shower scenes .
When a movie asks you to feel sorry for Mick Jagger 's sex life , it already has one strike against it .
When it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .
When it comes to the battle of Hollywood vs. Woo , it looks like Woo 's a P.O.W.
When the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
When the fire burns out , we 've only come face to face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails .
When the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .
When your subject is illusion versus reality , should n't the reality seem at least passably real ?
Whenever you think you 've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end .
Where 's the movie here ?
Where Tom Green stages his gags as assaults on America 's knee jerk moral sanctimony , Jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .
Where the film falters is in its tone .
Where their heads were is anyone 's guess .
Whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , I ca n't say for sure : Memories of Rollerball have faded , and I skipped Country Bears .
Whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it 's an unhappy situation all around .
While Scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` Gangs '' is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
While The Importance of Being Earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond Wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances .
While certainly more naturalistic than its Australian counterpart , Amari 's film falls short in building the drama of Lilia 's journey .
While easier to sit through than most of Jaglom 's self conscious and gratingly irritating films , it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .
While it is interesting to witness the conflict from the Palestinian side , Longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .
While it is welcome to see a Chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , Lan Yu never catches dramatic fire .
While not all that bad of a movie , it 's nowhere near as good as the original .
While some will object to the idea of a Vietnam picture with such a rah rah , patriotic tone , Soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
While the ensemble player who gained notice in Guy Ritchie 's Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch has the bod , he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
While the film is competent , it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
While the production details are lavish , film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how Sand developed a notorious reputation .
While the story is better focused than the incomprehensible Anne Rice novel it 's based upon , Queen Of The Damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth vampire , tortured woe is me lifestyle .
While this film has an ` A ' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale    like its central figure , Vivi    is just a little bit hard to love .
While you have to admit it 's semi amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet , you 're a Jet all the way , '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` Tonight . ''
White has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .
Who , exactly , is fighting whom here ?
Why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the TV cow is free ?
Why ?
Why `` they '' were here and what `` they '' wanted and quite honestly , I did n't care .
Why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?
Why sit through a crummy , wannabe hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?
Why spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?
Wildly incompetent but brilliantly named Half Past Dead    or for Seagal pessimists : Totally Past His Prime .
Will anyone who is n't a Fangoria subscriber be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ?
Will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
Wimps out by going for that PG 13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off screen and the sexuality is muted .
Wishy washy .
With McConaughey in an entirely irony free zone and Bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
With `` Ichi the Killer '' , Takashi Miike , Japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than Batman ...
With a `` Spy Kids '' sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has been acting like an 8 year old channeling Roberto Benigni ?
With a completely predictable plot , you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard .
With a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , Personal Velocity seems to be idling in neutral .
With a tone as variable as the cinematography , Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .
With all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... His Secret Life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .
With its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , All About the Benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
With its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ... Margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
With jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , Yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
With minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .
With more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie .
With or without ballast tanks , K 19 sinks to a Harrison Ford low .
With the dog days of August upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .
With the exception of McCoist , the players do n't have a clue on the park .
With tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .
Without Shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .
Without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4Ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking .
Without any redeeming value whatsoever .
Witless and utterly pointless .
Woefully pretentious .
Woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the `` Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes before realizing Steven Spielberg got it right the first time ?
Woody Allen used to ridicule movies like Hollywood Ending .
Works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever .
Worthless , from its pseudo rock video opening to the idiocy of its last frames .
Would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement .
Would Benigni 's Italian Pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ?
Would that Greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility .
Writer director Ritchie reduces Wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon .
Writer director Stephen Gaghan has made the near fatal mistake of being what the English call ` too clever by half . '
Writer director Walter Hill and co writer David Giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags .
Yes , I have given this movie a rating of zero .
Yes , I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture perfect life    but World Traveler gave me no reason to care , so I did n't .
Yes , Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling .
Yet another entry in the sentimental oh those wacky Brits genre that was ushered in by The Full Monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit .
Yet another genre exercise , Gangster No. 1 is as generic as its title .
Yet another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ...
Yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .
You 'll cry for your money back .
You 'll feel like you ate a Reeses without the peanut butter ... '
You 'll forget about it by Monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .
You 'll just have your head in your hands wondering why Lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
You 'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the Zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra large cotton candy .
You begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .
You ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .
You can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise .
You can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
You can practically hear George Orwell turning over .
You can taste it , but there 's no fizz .
You come away thinking not only that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , Janine and Molly    an all woman dysfunctional family    deserve one another .
You could easily mistake it for a sketchy work in progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .
You could hate it for the same reason .
You do n't need to know your Ice T 's from your Cool J 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California .
You emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary .
You get the impression that writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory ... but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .
You leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .
You leave the same way you came    a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends .
You may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
You might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead .
You see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz .
You try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .
ZigZag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted .
` Butterfingered ' is the word for the big fisted direction of Jez Butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
` CQ may one day be fondly remembered as Roman Coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
` God help us , but Capra and Cooper are rolling over in their graves . '
` In this poor remake of such a well loved classic , Parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
` It 's painful to watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama . '
` Linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant garde will suck up to this project ... '
` Martin Lawrence Live ' is so self pitying , I almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
` Matrix '   style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with Kafka inspired philosophy .
` Opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down .
` Punch Drunk Love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '
` Synthetic ' is the best description of this well meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high powered star pedigree .
` This movie sucks . '
` Unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .
`` Analyze That '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second guess your affection for the original .
`` Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company , '' and I do n't mean that in a good way .
`` Freaky Friday , '' it 's not .
`` Looking For Leonard '' just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something .
`` One look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? ''
`` Solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
`` The Adventures of Pluto Nash '' is a big time stinker .
`` White Oleander , '' the movie , is akin to a Reader 's Digest condensed version of the source material .
a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre
an appalling ` Ace Ventura ' rip off that somehow manages to bring together Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton .
an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we 've been watching for decades
as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary .
can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of Jesse Helms ' anti  Castro rhetoric , which are included
contrasting the original Ringu with the current Americanized adaptation is akin to comparing The Evil Dead with Evil Dead II
director Hoffman , his writer and Kline 's agent should serve detention
essentially `` Fatal Attraction '' remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 .
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other Bullock and Grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene .
for those for whom the name Woody Allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , Hollywood Ending is a depressing experience
into How Long Is This Movie ?
is a mess .
is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .
is significantly less charming than listening to a four year old with a taste for exaggeration recount his Halloween trip to the Haunted House .
is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .
is the kind of movie that 's critic proof , simply because it aims so low .
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci fi generic .
or maybe `` How will you feel after an 88 minute rip off of The Rock with action confined to slo mo gun firing and random glass shattering ? ''
overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue
plays like some corny television production from a bygone era
tale will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , `` The Sting . ''
the film does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new agey tone creeping into the second half
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
under rehearsed and lifeless
